---
title: FZ ZF Joint workshop at Virginia Tech October 2025
date: 2025-08-07
description: >

---

Thank you for considering attending the FZ/ZF Joint workshop at Virginia Tech in Alexandria, Virginia!

Dates, address, contact:

+ Date: **October 1-3, 2025. 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM**
+ Address: [E Glebe Rd, Alexandria, VA 22305](https://maps.app.goo.gl/4USe5nbAVADBg2SG8)
+ Host: Dr. Lingja Liu (ljliu@vt.edu)


+ Google Form (food, restrictions): [register for the workshop](https://docs.google.com/forms/u/0/d/15AMpKXflG_4rviNOoQbLmu_5yJ6uvtZKho_VOLA8o-4/viewform?pli=1&pli=1&edit_requested=true).
+ Google Form (proposed presentations): [submit your talk](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd-QJsdVIOK7aaLKOExIyGjYki570aOCId7on4oJr4O5xrq7Q/viewform?usp=dialog)

# Tentative Schedule

## September 30

some people might arrive early and have dinner together


## October 1

+ 9:00 am official welcome and introductions
+ 9:30 am combined project overview
+ 10:00-11:15 ZF Thrust 1
+ 11:15-12:30 Working Lunch
+ 12:30-13:45 ZF Thrust 2
+ 13:45-14:00 break
+ 14:00-15:15 ZF Thrust 3
+ 15:15-17:00 Breakout/Poster Session 1
+ Dinner


## October 2

+ 9:00-10:15 FZ Thrust 1
+ 10:15-10:30 Break
+ 10:30-11:45 FZ Thrust 2
+ 11:45-12:45 Working Lunch
+ 12:45-15:00 FZ Thrust 3
+ 15:00-15:15 Break
+ 15:15-17:00 Breakout/Poster Session 2
+ Dinner

## October 3:

+ 9:00 am Next steps planning
+ 10:00am Hackathon (highlight slides, documentation, packaging)
+ 12:00am Working lunch and closing remarks
+ Depart

# Transportation/Participation

**Where should I fly?**: if you need to fly Washington Reagan National Airport (DCA) is about 5 minute metro ride on the blue/yellow line towards Franconia/Huntington to Potomac Yard station, with Washington Dulles (IAD) is about an hour away on the metro (<7$) take the sliver line from Dulles towards Largo/NewCarlton to Roslyn, then change trains to the blue line to Franconia.  You can pay for the metro with your credit card and do not need to obtain a separate metro card.  The metro in DC is relatively safe and is often faster than a car.


**Where to stay?** Hotel/accommodation information: you can find hotel discount codes provided by VT attached. If applicable, you can also use the Gov’t rate


**What is changing in this edition?**: Compared to Spring, the consensus of both teams is that it would be helpful to have more time for discussion between the projects.  To facilitate that, it was proposed that some talks that were given as plenary in the last workshop be given as a poster session or as breakout sessions so discussion can happen in parallel and reduce the number of plenary talks.  Additionally, it was suggested that as a general rule, because FZ plenary talks went on day one at the Spring meeting, the ZF  team plenary talks would go on day 1 in the Fall meeting.  The exact choice of breakout/plenary/posters will be made based on expressed interest, time, and space availability.  

**Remote Participation?** We'll do our best to accommodate remote participation, but in-person attendance is strongly preferred for active members of the project.  External collaborators who attend remotely may do so at no cost.
